#!/bin/bash

mackup-copy restore aws
mackup-copy restore curl
mackup-copy restore dash
mackup-copy restore docker
mackup-copy restore gnupg
mackup-copy restore heroku
mackup-copy restore htop
mackup-copy restore httpie
mackup-copy restore insomnia
mackup-copy restore intellijidea
mackup-copy restore ipython
mackup-copy restore istat-menus
mackup-copy restore iterm2
mackup-copy restore jupyter
mackup-copy restore karabiner
mackup-copy restore karabiner-elements
mackup-copy restore launchbar
mackup-copy restore littlesnitch
mackup-copy restore macosx
mackup-copy restore messages
mackup-copy restore micro
mackup-copy restore misc-configs
mackup-copy restore npm
mackup-copy restore pgsql
mackup-copy restore quicklook
mackup-copy restore quicksilver
mackup-copy restore scripts
mackup-copy restore spectacle
mackup-copy restore ssh
mackup-copy restore terminal
mackup-copy restore tmux
mackup-copy restore transmit
mackup-copy restore viscosity
mackup-copy restore vscode
mackup-copy restore wget
mackup-copy restore xcode
mackup-copy restore yarn
